Employee Table
 eno  name
 
 Department Table
 
  d.no     dname eno

Just you need to print all the columns from the both the tables ? How you will write the query ?

Have you heared about outer join ?

Department Table associated with Many Employees How you will define one to Many in Spring Data JPI ?

getAllTransaction this is the only API need to develop then how you will design ?

Exercise: Manipulating a List of Numbers
Objective: Given a list of integers, use the Stream API to perform the following operations:
Filter out the even numbers.
Multiply each even number by 2.
Get the sum of all the resulting numbers

publicstaticvoidmain(String[] args) {
// List of integers
        List<Integer> numbers = Arrays.asList(1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10);
		
		
	Integer result = numbers.stream().filter(n -> n%2==0).mapToInt(value -> value*2).collect(Collectors.sum()).get();
		
forEach is what type of interface ?

https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer/

What are the types of Method references ?

Have you heared about deadletter queue in Kafka ?

How you will configure Kafka topic ?

Who will send messages inside the topic ?

What are the annotations you will use for Circuit Breaker Pattern ?

How will you change the retry mechanisms for Circuit Breaker Pattern ?

What is open state ? What is close state in Circuit Breaker ?

Have you used SAGA pattern ?

What are the 2 apporaches for SAGA Pattern ?

Explain about Solid Principles ?

Have you participated in code reviews ?

Have you written JUnit Test cases ?

Diff b/w Mock & Inject Mock annotations ?

Suppose you have only one docker instance is running ? now 2 request is coming then you will handle ?

Diff. between Concurrency & Parallel Processing ?

Suppose you got 1 new product for learning the product what are the steps you will take care ?

What is authentication ? What is authorization ?

What is the role of API Gateway ?

Which API Gateway you have used ?

What is Euroke Server ? 

How you have used Zuul API Gateway & Euroka Server ?

Suppose 3 services is running, 2 serives got failed with transactions how you will you trace ?

Benefits of Spring Boot ?

Diff between Controller & RestController ?

Diff between RequestMapping & GetMapping ?

What is the advantages of Spring Data JPA ?

What are the design patterns you have worked ?

What are the Stream Operations ?

What are the JDK 1.8 Features ?

Have you written any cache ?

Have you used Redis cache ?

What is Cachable ? What is Cache Evict ? what is Time to Live ?

What are the ways to optimize the querys ?

If i want to disable the auto configurations means which annotation i need to use ? what is the syntax ?

Difference between Comparable & Comparator ?

What you mean by Two Factor App in Microservice Architecture ?

What are the design patterns you have worked ?

can you explain Factory Pattern ?

What is the difference between Map & FlatMap.?

What is the role of Spring Boot Acutator ?

















		
		
 